`nix derivation add`, `show-derivation` -> `derivation show` (#7887)
NixOS/nix: src/nix/add-derivation.md

R""(

# Description

> This command reads from the given path a JSON representation of a

Author: ```suggestion
This command reads from standard input a JSON representation of a
```

Reviewer: It's back :ghost:

Author: And it's gone again! :ghost:
